.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Vb \" Begin verbatim text
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve \" End verbatim text
.ft R
.fi
..
.tr \(*W-
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.ie n \{\
.    ds -- \(*W-
.    ds PI pi
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\"  diablo 12 pitch
.    ds L" ""
.    ds R" ""
.    ds C` ""
.    ds C' ""
'br\}
.el\{\
.    ds -- \|\(em\|
.    ds PI \(*p
.    ds L" ``
.    ds R" ''
'br\}
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq '
.ie \nF \{\
.    de IX
.    tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.    nr % 0
.    rr F
.\}
.el \{\
.    de IX
..
.\}
.if n \{\
.    ds #H 0
.    ds #V .8m
.    ds #F .3m
.    ds #[ \f1
.    ds #] \fP
.\}
.if t \{\
.    ds #H ((1u-(\\\\n(.fu%2u))*.13m)
.    ds #V .6m
.    ds #F 0
.    ds #[ \&
.    ds #] \&
.\}
.    \" simple accents for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.    ds ' \&
.    ds ` \&
.    ds ^ \&
.    ds , \&
.    ds ~ ~
.    ds /
.\}
.if t \{\
.    ds ' \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\'\h"|\\n:u"
.    ds ` \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\`\h'|\\n:u'
.    ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'^\h'|\\n:u'
.    ds , \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)',\h'|\\n:u'
.    ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu-\*(#H-.1m)'~\h'|\\n:u'
.    ds / \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\z\(sl\h'|\\n:u'
.\}
.    \" troff and (daisy-wheel) nroff accents
.ds : \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H+.1m+\*(#F)'\v'-\*(#V'\z.\h'.2m+\*(#F'.\h'|\\n:u'\v'\*(#V'
.ds 8 \h'\*(#H'\(*b\h'-\*(#H'
.ds o \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu+\w'\(de'u-\*(#H)/2u'\v'-.3n'\*(#[\z\(de\v'.3n'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds d- \h'\*(#H'\(pd\h'-\w'~'u'\v'-.25m'\f2\(hy\fP\v'.25m'\h'-\*(#H'
.ds D- D\\k:\h'-\w'D'u'\v'-.11m'\z\(hy\v'.11m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds th \*(#[\v'.3m'\s+1I\s-1\v'-.3m'\h'-(\w'I'u*2/3)'\s-1o\s+1\*(#]
.ds Th \*(#[\s+2I\s-2\h'-\w'I'u*3/5'\v'-.3m'o\v'.3m'\*(#]
.ds ae a\h'-(\w'a'u*4/10)'e
.ds Ae A\h'-(\w'A'u*4/10)'E
.    \" corrections for vroff
.if v .ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\s-2\u~\d\s+2\h'|\\n:u'
.if v .ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'\v'-.4m'^\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.    \" for low resolution devices (crt and lpr)
.if \n(.H>23 .if \n(.V>19 \
\{\
.    ds : e
.    ds 8 ss
.    ds o a
.    ds d- d\h'-1'\(ga
.    ds D- D\h'-1'\(hy
.    ds th \o'bp'
.    ds Th \o'LP'
.    ds ae ae
.    ds Ae AE
.\}
.rm #[ #] #H #V #F C
.\" ========================================================================
.\"
.IX Title "CAPTCP 1"
.TH CAPTCP 1 "2013-01-27" 
.\" For nroff, turn off justification.  Always turn off hyphenation; it makes
.\" way too many mistakes in technical documents.
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
Captcp \- TCP Analyzer
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
Captcp [\-h | \-\-help] [\-\-version] <modulename> [<module\-options>] <pcap\-file>
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
Modern cdrom drives are too fast. It can take several seconds  on a  60x
speed cdrom drive to spin it up and read data from the drive.  The result
is that these drives  are just  a lot slower than a 8x or 24x drive.
This is especially true if you are only occasionally (e.g every 5 seconds)
reading a small file. This utility limits the speed and makes the  drive
more  responsive  when  accessing  small files.
.PP
cdspeed makes the drive also less noisy and is very useful
if you want to listen to music on your computer.
.SH "MODULES"
Captcp analysis functionality is splitted into submodules. Similar to git,
perf and kvm-tool. The following list provides an overview over the currently
supported modules. If in doubt you can call captcp without any argument to get
the full module list \- including a short description.

- Stacktrace
- Show
- Statistic
- Payloadtimeport
- Timesequence
- Geoip
- Throughtput
- Connection
- Template
- Sequencegraph

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
\&\fB\-h\fR display a short help text
.PP
\&\fB\-\-version\fR display version string of captcp
.PP
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.IX Header "EXAMPLES"
Set the maximum speed to 8 speed cdrom:
.PP
.Vb 1
\&          cdspeed \-s 8
.Ve
.PP
Restore maximum speed:
.PP
.Vb 1
\&          cdspeed \-s 0
.Ve
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.IX Header "EXIT STATUS"
cdspeed returns a zero exist status if it succeeds to
change to set the maximum speed of the cdrom drive. Non
zero is returned in case of failure.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
Hagen Paul Pfeifer <hagen.pfeifer@protocollabs.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
\&\fItcptrace\fR\|(1) \fItcpdump\fR\|(1)
